Downloaded from
YTS.MX
["Kimora Lee Freestyle"
by Friyie playing]
♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪ This life is so beautiful ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yeah. enough ♪
♪ It might take time
for me to grow. you know ♪
♪ I break it down.
I light a bitch ♪
♪ Then I drink
a couple of sips ♪
♪ She wants more.
I pour it up ♪
♪ Uh. shit.
'cause she official ♪
♪ I wanna
vibe with you tonight ♪
ride with you tonight ♪
♪ I wanna
vibe with you tonight ♪
ride with you tonight ♪
♪ I break it down.
I light a bitch ♪
♪ Then I drink
a couple of sips ♪
♪ She wants some more.
I pour it up ♪
♪ Shit. 'cause she official ♪
♪ I wanna
vibe with you tonight ♪
ride with you tonight ♪
♪ I wanna
vibe with you tonight ♪
ride with you tonight ♪
This is The Drive Home.
and that was
the latest hit "Gone."
from my next musical artist.
Famous.
My man's all right.
So. you said bye
to coronavirus
by getting the vaccine.
But. problems
with cocaine. though.
your ex. she actually said
that she left you.
because you're still having
problems with drugs.
Famous?
Well. we see your stepdad
in that photo.
but he's also
your driver. so...
I only get dumped
when I'm sober.
And I wanna dump me too.
So. you are sober?
Okay. well.
no matter what the ladies say.
your brother
never leaves you.
Your brother and producer.
Plain Wayne.
He is like an angel for you.
Dressed always in white suits.
always trying to save you.
Yeah. but he can't seem to
save his own love life.
He's been engaged three times
in the past three years.
To three models no less.
But some say he's always
ending things with his fiancées
because he's got
something else to focus on.
Like you.
He's not my brother.
my real brother.
Okay. well.
he's your step brother.
and loads of us have family
that aren't our real family.
these are just the connections
that make us who we are.
And we need that.
because our real family is gone.
Your mother
passed away from cancer.
Your father was a musician
and an addict. just like you.
But he left your family
after he got out of jail.
Sometimes the best thing
an addict can do is say goodbye.
- [host] What?
- [Famous] Or die.
[host] What--
what did you say?
- God dammit!
- Hey.
Everything's going to be okay.
And this is a time
where so many people are having
problems with mental health.
[host speaking indistinctly]
Just angels. like our...
- [Wayne] Thanks. Seven Trees
- [host] ...and your brother.
Now. let's hear a song
you wrote about you
and your brother.
"Money Team."
♪ Money. money. money team ♪
[journalist]
So. you're declining to comment
on the statements
that Famous made
onThe Drive Home show?
[Musharraf] Yeah. no. we
appreciate The Postcalling in.
[chuckles] I wouldn't worry
about that interview.
Famous is just being
his old dramatic self.
[journalist]
But experts are saying
- he might be depressed.
- [Musharraf] He's--
[journalist]
It's a common risk for addicts.
[Musharraf]
He's not-- just fine.
He's-- he's doing great.
A-- awesome.
[journalist] Really?
[Musharraf] He's--
as the kids would say. he's lit.
- [laughs] Yes. Yeah. absolutely.
- [journalist] And that's your--
[Musharraf]
Uh. anyway. we appreciate
The Postcalling in. yeah.
Okay. all right.
you have a good day. too.
Bye-bye.
- [line beeps]
- [sighs]
[keyboard music playing]
How are we?
[stops playing]
[continues playing]
What-- en-- enlighten me.
What is this?
Just a song.
The song I used to play.
Before he went away.
It's about getting old.
Getting old?
You know
you're forever 29. right?
He used to say that getting old
is the best part of life.
You know
how this business works.
you've been in it long enough.
We gotta stay current.
We've got to put out
what they want.
Old is not the formula. right?
Look. I--
all right. I get it.
Bad day.
But Musharraf and I.
we know how to spin this. okay?
We're going to
turn things around.
It's gonna be gold. okay?
- You with me?
- [whispering] Yeah.
Right. okay.
And. lest you forget. uh.
tonight is the model party.
Brazilians.
Huh? [laughs]
Oh. that's gonna be
a good one.
See. there you go.
Everyone's always
looking at me like
I'm the one with the problem.
but it's you.
You can't stop.
You have a fiancée.
Or you had a fiancée.
they're moving her out
right now.
What was wrong with Nyala?
She's Ethiopian. like my mom.
- Don't you want to settle down?
- It's not about me.
It's about you.
All right?
I need you to do me a solid.
There's this real hottie.
that's going to be there.
and she won't shut up about you.
so I need you to come.
It's gonna be fun.
you're gonna have a blast.
Have I ever been wrong?
No.
Say you're gonna come.
Say it.
- All right.
- That's what I like to hear.
Meet me out front.
- [door clicks shut]
- [Famous sighs]
I know this... [muffled]
You want some cocaine?
Uh. okay.
["Paper Cuts" by Friyie playing]
[snorting]
♪
♪[vocalizing indistinctly] ♪
[Famous sharply exhales]
♪ All this brown liquor
got me trippin' off the potion ♪
♪ I've been power steering
had to keep the stick... ♪
[Wayne] [muffled] Are you okay?
♪ ...Like I came up
out the ocean ♪
[Wayne] [muffled] Guys!
♪ ...Still a nigga
stayed devoted ♪
♪ All this brown liquor
got me trippin' off the potion ♪
[ambulance siren blares]
Though hospital sources
have not yet confirmed.
music star Famous's heart attack
was induced by cocaine.
we all may be thinking
of family members
who struggle with drugs.
We've learned
that the music star suffered
what's called
a "silent heart attack."
He may not even have known
that he had one.
except that he fainted.
[car beeps]
[phone buzzes]
[Desmond] It's Des.
Your dad got Famous
out of the hospital.
[Wayne] Oh. my God! Phone!
...have told us
that cardiac issues are common.
[Seven Trees]
Everything's okay.
[Wayne] No. no it's not.
Yeah. no. that's why he--
I mean... [clears throat]
...we decided
to leave the hospital
earlier than planned.
Yeah. well. we were actually
planning on. um.
throwing a big party
for the medical staff
that. you know.
saved his life.
What's Famous doing now?
[clicks tongue]
Well. this is gonna be
- his best recovery yet.
- [door slams]
Yeah. no. we're going to
send out a full press release
with more details.
Okay.
[line beeps]
Once I know
what the hell is going on.
["Do U Truly Mean Well"
by Friyie playing]
♪ Do you truly mean well? ♪
♪ Yeah. neglected ♪
♪ So I protect
all my imperfections ♪
Where you taking me?
[Peter] Just relax.
I'll have you there in a minute.
All these places.
my brother take me.
they say the same thing.
- Need to slow down.
- [Peter] That's right.
[chuckles]
Who's gonna stop him?
From what he does to me?
[Peter]
He does everything for you.
except drugs.
- You sure about that?
- [Peter] What do you mean?
Craziest your brother gets
is sparkling water.
He was the one
that took me to that party.
Ah. that was a holiday party.
a six-year-old could handle it.
Not if you're a coke addict.
Come on. why do you have
so much denial for him?
I mean. everybody does.
Even my friends.
They all love him.
because he's the one white dude
- in the crew.
- It's because he's perfect.
He's not perfect. Peter.
You know it.
He was the one
with all the problems.
I-- I was only sad
about my mom.
[Peter]
Drop it. just drop it.
He was always
picking at his skin
and then cutting himself
with a knife.
Yeah. well. I got him to stop.
and now he's perfect.
Oh. come on.
you-- you sent him
to go see that music therapist.
she was French.
What. you think
music is gonna calm the beast?
- She sure calmed you.
- Stop it.
♪
♪ I got too much
on my mental ♪
♪ Hold onto my talking let go ♪
♪ Loving you is detrimental ♪
♪ Food for my thoughts
feed my soul ♪
♪ Do you truly mean well? ♪
♪
You don't know
what's going on.
Yeah. and neither do
his fiancées
when he starts
not coming home.
But you and I know
where he goes.
Seven Trees.
When did we hire him?
After my fourth
or fifth recovery?
He said
that he needed help with me.
Well. looks like
he got a lot more than help.
[Peter] Just leave it.
[chuckles] Maybe I'm in love
with Seven Trees.
Seven Trees got me this.
A black credit card.
Said I could use it
to get control of my life.
or my money.
I can get anything
I want with this.
Except cash.
He said unlimited access to cash
would be a death sentence
for an addict.
[Peter]
He told you that?
Yeah. he's my financial advisor.
[Peter] Oh. my God.
You are so blind.
They are watching you
with that thing.
Everything you buy.
everywhere you go.
♪
♪ I've been here
my whole life ♪
♪ My whole life ♪
♪ I've been here
my whole life ♪
What are we doing here?
We never go to church.
You're not going to church.
Is this Narcotics Anonymous?
Why do you get so mad
when you go to a meeting
and you're going to meet people?
This is just like
all your other rehabs.
Welcome to
where the rest of us go.
it's not a resort.
Because it won't be
anonymous for me.
Get in there.
and meet real people
with real problems.
If I just ended it.
with my brother. I mean.
I-- I wouldn't do it anymore.
[Peter] Get in there.
This is your last chance.
How could you be so mad at me?
This is like
the least thing I've ever done.
[breathing heavily]
♪ A. C. B ♪
♪ Good night ♪
[Géraldo] Hola!
[woman] Meeting's over.
Drop-in's closed.
- [Géraldo] Hey.
- [Famous] Hey.
[Géraldo]
Who are you? Come on in.
[woman]
Drop-in's closed. man.
[gasps] You're Famous!
Hi. How may we help you?
Uh. I'm just here
to make a donation.
- [woman] Oh. my God.
- [Géraldo] That's fantastic.
[Géraldo speaking Spanish]
[woman] This is amazing. um.
Okay. I'll go get
the machine.
[footsteps departing]
[phone buzzes]
[sighs]
[earpiece rings]
- Hey. Hey. Yeah. it's me.
- [Wayne] Yeah?
Yeah. sorry. I've been out of.
uh. out of touch.
But I got him.
[Eileen] You can come to my
house for dinner if you want.
Well. there won't be any meat.
- I'm a vegan. Sorry.
- [Famous] Oh!
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
that's-- it's fine.
[Eileen] It'll be good.
I think. [laughs]
[Peter groans]
Now. listen.
You've got to--
you've got to watch--
you've gotta watch it
with Seven Trees.
Yeah.
He's been telling him things.
About that credit card
you guys got them.
But-- [Peter sighs]
But don't worry.
You know you can count on me.
Because I'm going to tell you.
I'm gonna tell you everything.
I always do. Right?
Bye.
- [earpiece ringing]
- [Desmond] Hey. it's me.
Famous just drove off
with some girl.
and your dad's doing nothing.
- [Wayne sighs] Follow them.
- [Desmond] Okay.
["Ride with a Real One"
by Friyie playing]
Desmond?
♪ That's whenever
for whoever man ♪
♪ Running with band drum
with the heavy metal man ♪
♪ Imma let it rain.
forecast. ain't no weatherman ♪
♪ Probably with the gang.
mask on in the caravan ♪
♪ Back up in the city ♪
♪ Then I hop inside
the rental yeah ♪
♪ ANF my necklace like
the gold Olympic medal yeah ♪
♪ Hit it like a cymbal man
this shit is instrumental yeah ♪
♪ Started off with little ♪
♪ If they think this shit
was simple yeah ♪
[Wayne] You know what I want.
Details on this girl.
And I want eyes on Famous.
[Desmond]
I've always got spare eyes.
[Wayne] There's one more thing.
I need to let go of
Seven Trees. Just fire him. Des.
[Desmond] Okay.
But I better get
this camera installed.
- [Famous] Thanks for dinner.
- [Eileen] Mm-hmm.
[Famous]
I love your house. Eileen.
[Eileen] Yeah.
I should get my coat.
I don't think
I've ever said that line before.
You know. it's great
that you live in New York
but work in Jersey. usually.
it's the other way around.
I really love what you guys do.
you know?
Having that drop-in center
in a church.
in partnership with local...
organizations.
- I--
- [Eileen sighs]
I want to do this.
I just don't want it to be once.
♪
Okay.
[Famous] Yeah...
[speaking indistinctly]
[Eileen laughs]
[Eileen] Okay.
[phone buzzes]
[Wayne] I'm losing him.
["Elite Freestyle"
by Friyie playing]
♪ Elite. elite. elite ♪
♪ Whole lot of drip on me.
got a whole lot of drip. ay ♪
♪ Elite. elite. yeah ♪
♪ Whole lot of drip on me.
got a whole lot of drip. ay ♪
♪ Elite. elite. elite.
elite. elite. elite ♪
- [Peter clears throat]
- [Famous gasps]
Let's get out of here.
[Famous]
How did you get in here?
[Peter]
How could she afford this place?
She's got a roommate.
- [Famous chuckles]
- [phone chimes]
- There's a picture with a woman.
- [Famous scoffs]
Relax. gaydar.
it's probably just her roommate.
Oh. God. Peter.
Nothing's ever felt so good.
so right in my life.
[phone buzzes]
[chuckles] That's her.
She wants me
to meet her best friend.
- I'm in. [laughs]
- [phone buzzes]
Let's get stuff for dinner.
I want to make tonight special.
She's the one. Peter.
[phone buzzes]
Hey. how are you?
- [Famous] Seven Trees.
- How are things?
[Famous] Awesome.
as my brother would say.
you got a sec?
Oh. I'm in the office
waiting for your brother.
He asked me to wait.
[Famous] I'm going to
message you a girl's number.
What girl?
Why am I even asking?
- You're always focused on love.
- [Famous] That's right.
I met her
when I made the donation.
Now. look.
Things are just starting out.
but I want you
to get her access
to some of my money.
Just let her know
what's available to her.
Okay?
Let me know
when you've talked to her.
I will.
[Famous] Thanks. man.
You're the best. buddy. Bye.
- [phone beeps]
- [sighs]
[Desmond]
It's time for you to go.
[steam hissing]
[sniffs]
[Famous] I want to get you
something nice.
Could be earrings.
or a ring.
[laughs]
- [Famous] What would you prefer?
- I don't know.
[sighs]
You may wanna try going vegan.
It's all about
healthy choices and. like...
choosing only life.
Trying to save me?
Everything going in you...
on you.
God. Eileen.
I love...
your name.
Do you--
do you know my music?
Do you like my music?
Do you like music?
[chuckles]
That's great.
And I wanna promise you that...
it's over.
My addiction.
- You're not a real addict.
- What?
I mean...
there's a lot of not real
in the industry.
like my brother.
But honestly. he does so much
for so many organizations.
recovery programs.
and I've never done that.
Until yours.
He doesn't want you
to get better.
I don't believe that.
Wow. I just defended
my brother. [chuckles]
But to tell you the truth. he--
he made me famous.
He never really got me
what I really wanted.
He's not your real brother.
Sorry?
But everyone's related to you.
Where'd you get
your certificate from?
[chuckles]
Wouldn't you like to know.
[Famous] No one's related to me
unless I see my dad again.
- [Eileen] Mm-hmm.
- Or...
- Have kids.
- [Eileen chuckles] Okay.
[water running]
[panting]
[sobs]
[sobs and shouts]
[footsteps approaching]
Hey.
Glamourpuss.
[paper rustling]
Never be my stylist. Peter.
What-- [sighs]
Are these from your closet?
Looks like church clothes.
These are horrible. Peter.
Come on. man.
[groans]
[upbeat music playing]
[indistinct conversation]
Hey. sweetie. I'm here.
Where are you?
[Eileen] Uh. I-- I can't go.
Okay. great.
I'll-- I'll come home.
[Eileen]
No. uh. you just go without me.
Uh. you could learn
something about art.
you know.
how to be a real artist.
I mean.
real art or independent art.
Uh. is that career advice
or an insult?
[Eileen] No. no. I love you.
I'll meet you after
and I'll go with you.
Bye.
She says she loves me.
- She says she loves me. man.
- [both laughing]
I just got to go see this thing.
and then she's going
to come home with me.
- Well. are you going in?
- [Famous] Yeah.
[car door shuts closed]
Oh. God.
Shakespeare is going to be.
like. five and a half hours.
I could barely pay that much
attention before drugs.
Well. real women
ask you to do things
that you don't want to do.
Now get your butt in there.
And I know which brother's
gonna get married first.
The one I always knew.
[Peter laughs]
[Famous grunts]
I don't wanna go to this.
I don't need this.
I am real art.
Just get in.
[Famous groans]
But I gotta change.
These good boy pants are tight.
Look. let's you and me
go for dinner.
[engine rumbles]
[indistinct conversation]
[tense music playing]
Eileen?
[man panting and grunts softly]
[panting continues]
[Peter] What's your problem?
You didn't change your pants.
Say something.
Look. look. let's--
let's get you home.
What the...
[man panting over phone]
Holy crap.
[door slams]
- [cellphone chimes]
- [sighs]
Baby. come on. please.
[sighs]
Baby. please.
[pants]
Hey.
How we doing in there?
Are we okay?
No.
Come on.
Let's talk about it.
I can get anything you want.
you name it.
Wayne.
Help me.
Perfect.
Hey.
[radio host] What's up. people?
Welcome back to The Drive Home.
Well. Famous is back
from what his brother has
called "a special treatment."
But Famous made
his own announcement today
saying he's taking a pause
in his music career
and social life
so he can focus on
his recovery. his best recovery.
and we're all for it.
Famous will be here tomorrow.
giving us all the news.
Meanwhile. if you've been
watching the tabloids.
you'll see
that Plain Wayne done it again.
He's got a brand new fiancée.
That's right.
This is fiancée number four.
Brazilian model. Cristina. Mm!
♪ I know she knows ♪
♪ She knows
I've no time at all. yeah ♪
♪ And I know she knows ♪
♪ We don't got
no time to start. yeah ♪
no time at all. yeah ♪
♪ No time at all ♪
♪ We don't got
no time to start. yeah ♪
♪ No time at all ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪
[cellphone chimes]
[sighs]
"Can you forgive me?"
[engine rumbles]
[Desmond] You did well today.
With all your media spots.
Your brother was pleased.
I mean. uh.
when I checked with him.
Desmond. does my brother
have Seven Trees
working on something?
He hasn't messaged me at all.
Not that I know of.
Hey. wait. stop.
Your brother wants you home.
Stop.
[brakes squeal]
You know. they're Ethiopian.
I used to come here with my mom.
- [sighs]
- [lock clattering]
[switch clicks]
It's locked for your safety.
[car door clicks open]
[melancholic music playing]
[speaking in French]
It's you. hi.
You're the French lady.
the music therapist
that helped my brother.
Do you want to come in?
My office is just here.
Now I know how Peter found you.
Your office. I mean.
Probably came here
because he was missing someone.
Like I'm missing someone.
[speaks in French]
What happened?
[Famous] I met this girl.
Thought she liked me.
really liked me.
There was someone else.
He was old.
Older than I'll ever be.
What do you mean by that?
Look. this is--
this is just about rent.
Even Peter said it.
he walked right in there
and he said.
"How is she even
paying rent here?"
I think I saw.
But I mean. loads of girls
are doing that nowadays.
I mean. you know.
rolling around for rent
or dating for dinner.
But my guy.
my financial advisor.
he's gonna fix all this.
He's gonna--
he's gonna give us some money.
But she can't just be with him
for the money.
I mean. you must have
way more than him.
[speaks in French]
Sometimes love is a mirror.
And we kind of
meet ourselves in bed.
What?
No. no. she's nothing like me.
Maybe she has trouble
leaving this man.
just like you have trouble
leaving your brother.
No. no.
me and my brother are done.
I-- I mean.
we're taking a break.
But I'll bet
he's not done with you.
[Desmond]
Hey. look. We gotta go.
I'm-- Merci.
[speaking in French].
Don't forget.
Everything can be backwards
in a mirror.
just-- or in our minds.
Like. whenever you think
you're the bad guy.
just look around.
And I bet you're surrounded.
By my team?
Take me to Seven Trees.
He at our place?
Yeah.
["Money Team" by Friyie playing]
♪ We gon' never ever change up.
we gon' never ever change up ♪
♪ Money. money.
money. money team ♪
♪ Money. money. money.
money team ♪
♪ Money. money.
money. money team ♪
♪ Money. money. money.
money team ♪
♪ Money. money.
money. money team ♪
♪ Money. money. money.
money team ♪
♪ Money. money.
money. money team ♪
♪ Money. money. money.
money team ♪
♪ Money. money.
money. money team ♪
♪ Money. money. money.
money team ♪
♪ I'ma pull up
on another scene ♪
♪ I ain't playing
for no other team ♪
[Wayne] Look how well he's doing
on social media.
Yeah. you were right. man.
His numbers are off the chart.
As far as impressions goes.
- Look at this.
- What did I tell you?
You know what.
we've been doing this
for years this way.
- It never fails.
- Good.
Hey. there's one more thing.
I've been asked to know
whether to confirm. deny
that. uh.
Famous was at a rehab
or whether or not
he was using at that party.
Usually deny that. don't we?
[Wayne] Uh. yeah.
Yeah. yeah. sure.
Just you say whatever.
Where's Seven Trees?
Desmond said...
[light buzzing]
[door clicks open]
[sighs]
I could call.
Hey. champ.
what's going on. baby?
What are we doing tonight?
Damn well know
what I'm doing tonight.
What's that?
You're staying in?
But Cristina
is having friends over.
We'll kick it
at her place for a bit.
No. no.
I see you're doing it again.
You're doing it again.
- What?
- [Famous] Somebody told me...
you don't want me
to get better.
What?
[scoffs] Who said that?
I'll kill him.
[scoffs] You know damn well
I'll be
your Air Force One anytime.
I know.
Yeah.
All right.
Talk to you soon.
[door clicks open. closed]
Make a call.
[door clicks closed]
[professor] Now. we are out
of our natural toothpaste?
Making me brush my teeth
with baking soda.
So 1960.
Well. never you mind.
Speaking of toiletries.
I seem to have trouble
finding half my kit
since a certain rapper was here
and I had to come home
to find my toiletries
and me mother's photo
stuffed in a bag.
- I told you that was nothing.
- [professor] Really?
- Who are you messaging?
- No one.
Well. I guess we all have
to have our celebrity lists.
Or lists of other people we see.
We do have
to forgive each other.
- You always do.
- Mm-hmm.
- That's why I love you.
I love the way you love me.
When you're one of 12.
you learn to appreciate it.
Seems I had to come to America
just to be appreciated.
My ma never had time for me.
What's wrong?
It's nothing.
Um...
it's just that. um.
all the times
that you go away for work...
you're not actually away
at a staff retreat or...
or at work at all.
[professor] Really?
'Cause you're cheating on me.
You'll always be my girl.
We talked about our maybes
and babies and me.
Maybe you should know...
I've got nowhere left to go.
Best thing an addict can do...
is go away.
That's a lie.
Best thing an addict can do
is say goodbye.
[Wayne] I'm losing him.
[Musharraf laughs] Hey. my man.
What. what. what. what?
Are the numbers down? Huh?
[Wayne] I'm losing him.
[Musharraf laughs] Come on.
Yeah. Wayne. lighten up.
It's a party.
She took two beers.
Hey. let's see some dancing.
Yeah. where's the--
where's the dancing at?
[sighs] Come on. Seven Trees.
God. I hate millennials.
I goddamn know you have
your phone on you.
[Wayne slaps on the table]
[Wayne laughs]
What did you do that for?
Oh. don't be such a big baby.
[Famous] About your party.
Sorry I didn't make it.
I just wasn't up for it.
you know?
Don't worry about it.
God. what did you do
to your neck. man?
Just don't worry about that.
It's just a scratch.
Listen.
Tell me what I wanna hear.
The boys
are back together again.
No. we're not.
I-- you know.
I just mean tonight.
'Cause tonight.
I'm getting everybody together
to celebrate your sobriety.
You don't celebrate sobriety.
Well. I-- I do.
I celebrate sobriety.
I-- I celebrate life.
I celebrate that you're here.
And I'll tell you
one thing. buddy.
You better not miss this one.
There's a big surprise
coming for you.
[engine rumbles]
Oh. hi. how-- how--
how-- how's it going?
Uh. fine. Never mind.
Um. tell me.
Does my brother
know about Eileen?
I didn't say a thing.
[Famous sighs]
Peter.
you've always been my rock.
The kind you don't smoke.
I'd wish you on any addict.
Tell somebody I said that.
A blast from your past.
Still blastin'.
If you so happen to see her.
Is that about
your party tonight?
Got a short schedule today.
Just you appearing
on The Drive Homeshow.
I know.
Hey. give that back to me.
Never trust an addict.
Or anyone around me.
You've been watching me for him.
Well. now it's time
to shut his eyes.
No. don't--
Take me to Seven Trees.
Why do you want to see him for?
Here's why they call it a job.
Go.
What are you. my security
or my secretary for him?
Damn it. I need a raise.
Look. I can't take you
to see Seven Trees.
Your brother got rid of him.
What?
No. my brother never ends it
with Seven Trees.
just his fiancées.
[Desmond laughs]
What do you need him for. huh?
You got everything.
What more do you need?
All you've done?
How far you've come?
You don't need him.
Yeah. I guess
I just gotta do this myself.
[Desmond] Huh.
And where should myself
drive you to?
Take me to the show.
I got something to say.
You're the boss.
["Paper Cuts" by Friyie playing]
♪ [vocalizing indistinctly] ♪
[radio host] Yo. we're here
atThe Drive Home show.
awaiting Famous
to talk about his recovery.
His best recovery.
He's really doing it.
♪ Had to hit the quota ♪
♪ Make it flip
like Motorola. eh ♪
♪ Heard they throwing dirt ♪
♪ I shake the hatred
off my shoulder. eh ♪
♪ All this paper making ♪
♪ I ain't even
gotta show her. eh ♪
♪ Headed to the MGM
was taken by a chauffeur. eh ♪
♪ All these pounds I'm losing
still I'm making weight ♪
♪ Shawty all up on me
told her "take a break" ♪
♪
- [Peter] Hey. boss. where to?
- Record label.
I've got
some loose ends to tie up.
[Peter] Okay. sir.
Hey. are you sure
that. uh.
everything's
all right with Famous?
Yeah. [scoffs]
When you drop me off
at the label.
just-- you can take off.
I'll find my way home.
I got the night off?
- Yeah. knock yourself out.
- Great.
There's somebody I want to see.
[earpiece beeps]
♪ [vocalizing indistinctly] ♪
♪ I've been on the move ♪
♪ I'm travelling
state to state ♪
♪ If it ain't about the paper.
homie. stay away ♪
♪ I just wanna make that.
take that. gone ♪
♪ Racks up in my safe
like haystack long ♪
[man] Who is this guy?
[chuckling] Oh. hey.
Famous is here.
♪ [vocalizing indistinctly] ♪
Hey. I knew you'd make it.
Congrats on the recovery.
- Never had one.
- [host] What?
Come on in. my man.
- Let's talk. You ready?
- Right.
All right.
♪ I just wanna make that.
take that. gone ♪
♪ Racks up in my safe
like haystack long ♪
[music stops]
[headset beeps]
Yeah?
[Desmond over phone]
It's me. Des.
I got that info you wanted
on Famous' girl.
she was in and out
of the foster system.
Her mom was an addict.
- I'm sending you her number.
- Awesome.
[Ernestine] Eileen!
It's not like you to be late.
miss star staff.
Don't worry.
Madigan's been helping us out.
[phone dings]
Not bad for us
to all learn each other's roles.
[man] Can I bring them
to you right here?
- [Ernestine] Oh. yes. sure.
- [man] Thank you.
Hey. are you--
are you with us?
- Yep.
- [Ernestine] Okay.
All right. Hello.
And your name. please.
Listeners. we're back.
because the man called Famous
has got something to say.
You never had a recovery.
My stepdad took me somewhere
to go to rehab
with real people
with real problems.
And that's where I met someone
that I thought you'd all meet.
We didn't hear about that.
Welcome to life as an addict.
My story only gets covered
when my life gets erratic.
But my good days.
my best days?
They don't cover that shit.
You're really
letting it all hang out.
- But aren't you worried?
- Not once.
Because of your brother.
My brother took away
my problems. my pain.
Was he my real cocaine?
But nothing's wrong
if the dealer
wears white. right?
Wait. are you talking
about your brother.
or Big Pharma?
But also. nothing's wrong
if the dealers wear gray
and sell drugs
on the S&P every single day.
My man. this is your new sound.
or your other new sound?
Because I met a girl.
She told me to focus on life.
But I just wanted to
make her my wife.
I promised her that
I was done doing everything
that was doing me in.
But I don't think
she believed me.
Like she met me before
or someone just like me.
- [Ernestine] And your name is?
- Jenny Favero.
Oh.
Oh. I-- I'm sorry.
your name is not on the list.
And unfortunately.
we're not dispensing
to anyone whose name is not.
Oh. but I need my methadone.
But if you would like
to come back to a drop-in.
we can help you out
with getting your funding.
Does that sound like something?
But I'm-- no. I need it now.
[Eileen] I know.
- Follow me.
- But-- [chuckles]
[shouting]
It's music time!
[man] Hold on. guys.
Something might be goin' on.
[Famous]
I met someone like me before.
My father.
But I felt him
coming back to me.
coming around me again.
His music. his message.
just lately...
and I've been wanting
to say goodbye.
Maybe go where he went.
Well...
we've all had to tell a lady
we're not who we used to be.
And we're all about
second chances.
not life sentences.
[host] Hey. where are you going?
[speaking Spanish]
Uh. they want music
instead of methadone?
Well. music can help
lift your dopamine levels.
just like methadone
and crack. cocaine.
and opiates. [sighs]
[man] Hey. Eileen.
the band's ready
for any of your usuals.
Hi. everyone.
This is a song
that someone would sing to me.
Um...
My mom. she was...
Someone who tried really hard.
Just like all of you.
Now. this is a Supreme song
called "TCB."
which means
"Taking Care of Business."
and my mom really liked it.
'cause she said.
"That's all we gotta do."
♪ Stop ♪
♪ Whatever you're doing.
hold it right there ♪
♪ Drop ♪
♪ Whatever you're doing.
there's not a minute to spare ♪
♪ Time is flying. grab it ♪
♪ Break that nowhere habit ♪
♪ And TCB ♪
♪ TCB ♪
♪ Do it now ♪
♪ Don't sit around
and wonder when to ♪
♪ Now is the time
for all good men to ♪
♪ You know the way
to start today ♪
♪ And TCB ♪
♪ TCB ♪
♪ What's the use
of sittin' safe and sound ♪
♪ With your head
in the sand? ♪
♪ Pull it out
and take a look around ♪
♪ Take a stand. and you'll be
taking care of business ♪
♪ Taking care of business.
♪ TCB ♪
♪ Do it now ♪
[audience applauding]
[phone buzzing]
- [Wayne] Hello.
- Uh.
- Hello.
- [Eileen] Hello?
This is Plain Wayne calling.
to invite you to a party
to celebrate
my brother's recovery.
And we'll send a car out
for you to your house.
Oh. [panting]
Okay. bye.
[headset clicks]
["Ride With A Real One"
by Friyie playing]
[radio host] Well. that's it
for The Drive Home show.
But before we go.
let's have another hot one
from Famous.
♪ Forecast
ain't no weather man ♪
♪ Probably with the gang.
mask off... ♪
- [radio clicks]
- [music stops]
[laughing]
[Musharraf] You down here?
Oh. get a load of this.
Oh. I knew you'd be down here.
Interview went really well. man.
All right. Yeah--
He was a little bit
shaky at times.
but. you know. he was good.
he was great. he was awesome.
- He was--
- Oh. awesome.
[Musharraf] Hey. are those
the new promo shots?
- That photography is crazy.
- It's just a--
It's okay. it's just for
album cover ideas
that we're--
we're thinking about. so. uh...
it's not quite ready.
but I'll show it to you
when they're-
when they're ready. okay?
- You're doing a great job.
- Thanks.
♪
Hey. Musharraf.
[Musharraf]
Yo. I got to tell you something.
- [Famous] What?
- [Musharraf] Your brother.
he's got pictures of you
and your girl in bed.
[Famous] No. No.
[shouting]
I'm going to kill my brother.
Desmond. take me home.
[shouting] Now!
Hi.
It-- it's great to see you.
You-- you look lovely.
I told you
he wouldn't stop. hmm?
- You know who?
- Oh!
You can't be reading that crap.
And I promise. he's done.
He'll never be done.
It's not what you think.
I mean. yes. tabloid's right.
He's got a new fiancée.
but you know
what's really going on.
He's-- he's just a bit stressed
about his brother.
Or is always being
with one's
least preferred gender
just another way
of always being in control?
- You've gotta be joking.
- He likes being in control.
He needs to be in control.
- Even of you.
- No!
He's perfect.
Wait.
I'm-- I'm sorry. I--
Please. tell me.
You're right.
For some.
they're able to control
themselves at all times...
until they reach their limit.
Oh. my God.
He gave me the night off.
Where is he?
[footsteps departing]
[Eileen] Wh--
why are you home so early?
W-- w-- where are you going?
I'm always going.
But I always come back.
- [Eileen sighs]
- That's my girl.
You'll always be my girl.
Um...
No.
No?
No. no.
[shouting] You'll be here
when I come back.
Do you understand?
Yeah. that's my girl.
[phone dings]
[breathing heavily]
[door clicks open]
[Famous] Hey! Hey!
I've hated your guts for years.
I've been doing drugs
to recover from you.
But I never would have done
what you did.
Surveillance?
Spyin' on me and my girl?
I had to follow you.
Or else
you were gonna slip away.
What are you doing?
That party idea?
You were right.
That was stupid.
No. no. you--
you've always been there for me.
I should never
have suggested it.
Although. that girl of yours...
she's a keeper.
Not like the others.
All they wanted
was drugs and money.
They didn't love you.
Don't you get that?
I devoted...
my whole life to you. man.
I gave you everything.
Just-- just put down
the knife. please.
[voice cracking]
Just stay back.
Don't come any closer.
I'm telling you.
I love you.
I'm your brother.
[Wayne breathing heavily]
Don't come any closer.
[sobbing]
[Wayne continues sobbing]
I know. I know. It's okay.
♪ This life is so beautiful ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. enough ♪
♪ It might take time
for me to go ♪
♪ You know. you know.
you know ♪ ♪ Hey. don't stop me ♪
♪ Hey. don't stop me.
you know ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey. hey ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey. hey.
now baby girl ♪
♪ Keep it trill.
wanna ride all night. girl ♪
♪ Jimmy Choo
all on my body. yeah ♪
♪ Keep it trill
is all I know. girl ♪
♪ Think of you
when I'm on my lonely. yeah ♪
[music fades]
[knocking on door]
[Eileen gasps and chuckles]
- [Eileen] Hey!
- Hi.
[Eileen chuckles]
[both chuckling]
["Do U Truly Mean Well"
by Friyie playing]
♪ Close call ♪
♪ Are we playing hot po-- ♪
♪ Yeah. close call ♪
♪ Are we playing hot potato ♪
♪ Yeah. I want 'em all ♪
♪ But I can't always
have my way. though ♪
♪ Never stress at all.
running game. San Diego ♪
♪ But she resides
in the lost City of the Angels ♪
♪ Baby. face your fears ♪
♪ You realize it's painless
being so sincere ♪
♪ When I met you.
you was nameless ♪
♪ Ain't no lie
I know what you want ♪
♪ Girl. I'll save you
for the night ♪
♪ I got what you want.
one favor ♪
♪ Says she wanna spend
one night with a player ♪
♪ Driving down [indistinct]
on my yayo ♪
♪ Says she wanna spend
one night with a player ♪
♪ Driving down [indistinct]
on my yayo ♪
♪ I know. we know. she knows
there's no time at all ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Oh. and I know she knows ♪
♪ We ain't got
no time to start. yeah ♪
♪ We don't got
no time at all ♪
♪ No time at all ♪
♪ We don't got
no time to start. yeah ♪
♪ No time at all ♪
♪ Yeah.
she's from San Diego ♪
♪ Tell me
how your day went ♪
♪ You know she got
[indistinct lyrics] ♪
♪ Ain't no need
for statements ♪
♪ I fly to Miami
on the Sunny Islands ♪
♪ She know what the time is.
she will move in silence ♪
♪ Says she wanna spend
one night with a player ♪
♪ Driving down [indistinct]
on my yayo ♪
f♪ Says she wanna
spend one night with a player ♪
♪ Driving down [indistinct]
on my yayo ♪
♪ I know. we know. she knows
I don't have time at all. yeah ♪
♪ And I know she knows ♪
♪ We don't got
no time to start. yeah ♪
no time at all ♪
♪ No time at all ♪
♪ We don't got
no time to start. yeah ♪
♪ No time at all ♪
♪
♪ I was lookin' for you
on the stage but nothin' ♪
everywhere but nothin' ♪
♪ Nothing. nothing. nothing ♪
♪ To you I found myself ♪
♪ Do you truly mean well? ♪
♪ Do you truly mean well ♪
♪ Yeah. neglected ♪
♪ So I protect
all my imperfections ♪
♪ Character ♪
♪ It was the fact
of my adolescence ♪
♪ Direction. I was misguided
with your intentions ♪
♪[indistinct lyrics] ♪
♪ I got too much
on my mental ♪
♪ Hold on too much.
I can't let go ♪
♪ Loving you is detrimental ♪
♪ Food for my thoughts.
feed my soul ♪
♪ To you I found myself ♪
♪ Do you truly mean well? ♪
♪ Truly mean well? ♪
♪ Hold on too much.
I can't let go ♪
♪ Loving you is detrimental ♪
♪ Food for my thoughts.
feed my soul ♪
♪ To you I found myself ♪
♪ Do you truly mean well? ♪
♪[indistinct lyrics] ♪
[music fades]